oh God
purple poison hit you with a kiss dring vom drip F ging her lip M pois hit you
with a kiss dring vom DP F gripping her lip Hallelujah yo Cobra moving slow
strike you with the glow deadly as you know poison to the touch rub duba dub
the sea gave up it's dead overflowing cup Hades extra love Thanos and Athena
dance with Madia the voices in the wind he not why you listen QP number de
shouldn't mess with it my girl is poisonous purple raining kiss Vampirella
lives and virra that's my chick Dragon Venom drip Fang gripping her lip
Catherine of the wheel I seen them M de purple triple Beamer sticky icky creeper
The Muse dance with Mia cine media Harting the dreamers pois hit you with a
kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip M
poisoness hit you with a kiss dring vom drip
F welcome back to Lady Babylon this is the savior from the bed
of the Muse thank you for coming tonight thank you for coming we have an out
standing lineup for you we're g to jump right here in the beginning and talk to
Gnostic informant about his recent interview with Danny Jones and we're
gonna uh after that oh god I've got um
tonight it's going to be one of those resetting the Paradigm nights I love
this stuff I absolutely love this stuff isn't it hail Satan oh God it's so good
it's so good let's go ahead and start off and by the way I want to say before
we bring on um before we go to Neil's bar um I want to bring on uh for you
some thanks tonight to the people who have been working um both for am and you
and for lady Babylon the people and the transcripts uh people don't realize this
but there's a lot of people behind the scenes who are working hard making transcripts of all of these uh of all
the lady Babylon series oh God so you can go back and access the Greek oh it's
going to be absolutely gorgeous absolutely gorgeous those are the people
working on that lady Babylon side there is a Discord associated with them they have a museum for you of sources what
I'll do is when we're at am andu I'll post that but tonight we're in the bed of the Muse I want to thank all the
music people who have come I want to thank Teddy Bas and I want to thank uh
uh um uh cult examiner and Sirus and all that gang who are doing their videos oh
God they're mesmeric sit there I dare you sit there on the
throne sit there on the throne and Watch What Happens who's got
bananas all right what do I have right up top for you satanic congregation I
understand our numbers are growing and I understand your time is precious and I want to honor that so I'm not going to
give you a bunch of BS tonight I'm going to hit you with the good stuff talking
about sources we're going to go to NOS informant who had an interview with
Danny Jones please bring up Gnostic informant what's going on how you doing
how you doing how you doing hanging out in the uh you know it's the uh the Muse
that's the bed of the Muse that's where I'm at this is where this is where we go we uh enogen we drink our cookie on okay
D Isis this this is the house of bakus the House of what happened what happened you're in
a you you've turned into light um I love the uh uh uh the interview as I've seen
so far I love it unfortunately I had to prep today so for those of you who don't
know Neil's interview with Danny Jones just came out and it's doing
smashingly uh it is yeah say something about it Neil throw us into the you know
throw us into the pot and let's get down and dirty I had to follow your bit from Year from
from seven days ago and I was like I don't there's no way I'm be able to compete with that with the fire that you
brought but apparently the algorithm is favoring my video just as much and it's
it's it's it's it's up there so we'll see what happens I'm thinking maybe
combined you and I can get Danny combined to 10 million views by the end
of the year okay okay that's a prediction and you know me I don't do
predictions I um I hope you're right because uh the more people that this
reaches the more people that get this information um the better we have done
as an ancient Museum right right we get them we feed them I noticed in your interview um that
uh uh you're direct with the sources I like that a lot you guys went back you
went back to the percus you know TOS the the Oxford great let me tell him that
story so yeah go ahead go ahead he was asking me questions about some of the
some of the uh controversies surrounding your interview and the criticisms you got he says the big one that he was
getting from people you know people were emailing him messaging him leaving comments saying that Almon is wrong
about lays Almon is wrong about stay so I said all right well let's let's test it out let's look it up so we went on
went on the percus tffs and we went to went into Alis we asked Alice in Wonderland what does l stat mean we
found out that it means pirate and Buccaneer and by the way we're in Tampa Bay home with the Buccaneers so we were
in Tampa Bay home with the lace days baby so we found yeah we I we you know I
showed Danny how to use Ellis and he was he was impressed fantastic so it was real it's
real Bic stuff and I noticed then you went to some of the early Christian sources I don't want to spoil it cuz
people want to see it but you did some early Christian stuff and you're talking oh God epiphanous or somebody and uh uh
about all those sex Neil you got something about Christian sex you like
all those different groups don't you with you know they go back to the nickel
you know what I mean and you know what they were doing and you were talking about the the gospel the gospel of these
people right and what is what does Mary do to Jesus please in
YouTube friendly and educationally education let's be educational this is
Lady Babylon it's a place of the museum it's education tell me in that with that
kind of feel tell me uh what Mary and Jesus are doing up on the mountain so
beanus lists about seven different groups he lists the barites the zakan
the uh Stites and he says he names a whole list of list of these groups from
all different areas from Asia Minor Syria Greece Rome uh North Africa all
these different areas and there all these different names they're named after their leader whoever their Leader's name is they're zakan or
whatever and he says that they all have in common a gospel and the name of the Gospel is called the questions of mar
Mary and he says in this gospel Jesus Takes Mary up on the mountain and says
and then what he does is he performs a right some sort of magical right where he produces a woman out of the side of
his rib so he becomes a male and female at the same time and he produces the
woman then he uh goes and continues to have intercourse with this said woman
produces sperm from this and then hands it over to Mary and says if you want to
make it into the kingdom of heaven you must drink my blood and eat my flesh this is my SARS that I give to you Mary
goes oh my God I can't handle it she falls down in the ground he picks her up and he says what don't you have any
faith woman it's like something it sounds like something Jesus would actually say too
that's the crazy part about this gospel okay okay now here's here's my question so you can poo poo that and say oh it's
the um certain group of Christians writing about another group of Christians and poo pooing what they're doing and so
it's obviously exaggerated can you believe though that so many of these
sources all link up and show us we know from other sources the aites are drinking seman right we we know that for
a fact the aites are a Christian sect right they're the serpant I love the name man like imagine what are you what
are you what are you I'm a I'm a cilene serpent that's what the Christians were calling themselves right oh my God
ophites and the ones on the outside of the ofits were like oh no we can't do that so so uh Mary is consuming the Hima
of Jesus that's fantastic um tell me something I want to say something about Danny really quick um Danny Jones right
um did you enjoy the wasn't it great I mean I personally think he's fantastic
interview inter and I I I uh couldn't have had a better a better time um
during an interview a lot of times interviews are pain right and and people are just they're not good at it I
thought Danny was magnifico what did you how how did you enjoy your interview he
was so easy to talk to because he's he you know you can tell he's he's he's
genuinely trying to find out you know he's trying to he's trying to learn about these sources he's trying to find
things out and it was so easy to to to talk to this guy because he qu all of
his questions were wellth out and it was a smooth the whole three hours flew four
hours actually flew by like it felt like one hour it felt like so quick yeah Danny was great yeah yeah fantastic
beautiful beautiful okay I'm gonna give you a chance to say one thing and then I'm going to jump to uh uh tonight's
talk and if you want to hang around later dial up um if you need to go about your business go about your business but
I'll leave you with a comment what do you want to say yeah so we ended up talking about
the uh different uh different things that we find in Christianity that seem
to mimic a lot of these mystery religions of the time period for example the hararia ritual of in Rome also down
in Egypt for Addis and Osiris um and it's at the same in the same week that
the Adonia is going on over in uh in Cyprus and there's also a great dionesia
they call or no the rural diania which is going on at that week so they had the rural diania and they had the city
diania in the winter time the rural diania happens in the spring so there's this spring equinox Festival sprouting
up and they all have this thing in common where a God is dead mourned over
and then Rises and in the case of case of the Addis ritual they bury this tree
a pine tree they bury the pine tree They Mourn for three days they even have initiation ceremonies where the Unix are
initiated and becomes Priests of magnam mat and then they uh celebrate the
hararia which is in Latin means rejoicing and that's the resurrection of Addis and this happens and it's a threed
day period from the day they bury the tree to the day they Rejoice is a three day on the third day just as Christ does
by the way Osiris has two women that go to his tomb at the end of the story
nepus and Isis just as Jesus has Mary and Mary uh and Martha go to the Tomb at
the end so we're talking about all this stuff lining up epiphanius is a he's an informant you got to give him that title
he's snitching on himself he starts talking about all these other duus and ion having both being born of a virgin
at the winter solstice epiphanius was an informant you got to give him credit where credits due that's why it doesn't
surprise anybody when you walk into a second century uh synagogue um and you
see that it's got Ion on the wall right um doesn't surprise anybody in a bunch
of Greek yeah no doubt I loved your um yo comments today um and what uh what
you were doing was you know you can't undo that once somebody has seen
oh guess what the the the Bible the Old Testament where the Torah was written in
the third Century BC you know and before that there's Jack for any of this when
Neil when you go in and you say where are the quotes give me all the quotes in Hebrew that they're passing down from
the oh they're not it doesn't exist you mean Judaism was created in the 3
century oh I love the fact that you you know um
uh with the Dead Sea Scrolls one thing I want to make uh um I want people to
understand is you never find those just Hebrew things sitting around because they don't exist you always find them
with the Greek that They're copying from so you know what you you know what I saw
you know what I saw when I was in Nazareth I was in Nazareth and I was on a dig there was a dig there we were
walking through and there's mosaics on the ground and there is Orpheus the biggest Mosaic of all there's a dianis
one a horn diis one that was a small one the biggest one I saw was orus with his
liar and it was huge and it was a uh first century SL and I say something it
might be second century but it's F first century ad second century ad somewhere in that time period and it's orus and by
the way also what they found in this place is the golden oric tablets in this
is this is Nazareth so Jesus grew grew up in this city completely hellenized complete
Greek mosaics all over the place a there's a theater there too yeah and
about his language people always ask what language did Jesus speak and some say Aramaic or syri or you um any of the
Hebrew Bri it's all the regular variety you got to realize kid was sent to E
Egypt where did he probably go in Egypt um wherever he went they were speaking
Greek nobody ever asked why doesn't Jesus come back from where he was raised
speaking Egyptian doing the Egyptian thing because they didn't freaking speak
Egyptian in in Egypt they spoke Greek and who were who is the they that I'm
talking about all the Educators you can sit around and come up with phony ideas
about what was this and what was that the fact is through the museum in
Alexandria came the greatest work from Antiquity um intellectual the greatest
intellectual work all of the great doctors come through alexandrian Physicians helenistic Physicians who
were doing for the first time the first time they're doing regular autopsies
they're doing regular anatomical dissections not only that they're doing
Viv sections Viv they get a criminal you know and take them apart look it I saw a
description of a dude's peristalsis that's the motion of your intestines and
the doctors had just cut this guy open and they're looking at it they're following the movement and they're saying it was obviously XY and z and
they're studying digestion that's all from Alexandria that's the Egypt that Jesus went to and when he when he comes
back and everybody there thinks he's a brainiac it's because of that education so what language is Jesus speaking I
dare you to give me one freaking quote in Hebrew Arabic syc anywhere no no no
all of his quotes are Greek surprise surprise people don't understand it Judaism is an invention of the helenic
world Moses is museus and it is an orphic saturnian or satanic religion sun
moon stars Dawn Dawn yeah
orus and we have the uh derveni Papyrus which is it's the one the the the actual
physical copy not the text dated to the text is dated to the 6th Century BC the
physical fragments 4th Century BC the physical copy of it not the dating of
the text the text itself 6th Century BC but in this text orus is called
Theologian and he's constantly revealing it's the it's the word apocalypse he's
the apocalypse the revealer it's a it's a it's an apocalyptic genre which is
orphic by by by um nature and these are this is what Sprouts up in Alexandria
during this time period during this helenistic era these alexandrians who are who are greek-speaking Jewish people
who are you know it brought the Alexandria after talmy wins a war in God
against Demetrius this is real history look it up anyways they start they start
talking making up stories they start writing stories about this guy named Moses who they say and this is the the
earliest sources we got from aristobulus from from heus from all these different
from these early early sources say that his this is musas and he was the either
in some sources he's either the father of orus or the son of orus depending on which one's talking about it either
either way they're connecting him to orus and they're claiming orus is this pist the word p means player played by a
harp sung by a harp so or orphism apocalypticism theology itself is an
orphic Pythagorean you know sort of genre that we get in Alexandria and
that's this becomes yahwism it's where you get yaho even macrobius even macrobius is citing what is Microbus
site when he talks about yaho orus yeah and remember you said you said
today you were going to say it as I was watching your interview you mentioned plutar and you were gonna say that
Plutarch says Judaism is an offshoot of bakic worship he says it in Antiquity
you know what that is that is a fir hand witness that is an eyewitness you cannot
get better historical evidence than an eyewitness who's watching what's going on and
Reporting it you know what else plutar does Plutarch cites Hackus of abdera who
lived four centuries before him four maybe five centuries before him yeah
Plutarch is late first early second uh heus is fourth Century late fourth
Century early third Century BC all right so yeah they're three centuries away from each other three or four century
away from each other he cites Hackus of abdera you know what he says he says the
Egyptians use the term Ammon not just for the one God but for any of the Gods
and they use it as a form of address to close an incantation he says the word amen is a
coming it it comes from the god Ammon who is the representative of the cosmos
itself the hidden one so when you call Amen to somebody you're call to the hidden one you're closing your
incantation plutar said plutar cites heus of abdera who he says told them all
this by the way before he heus of ABA nobody ever uses Amen in any
sources ever so right so you there's no ugaritic there's no ugaritic text that
say amen after a prayer ever you know who you know whose lips
produce almond over and over and over again is Jesus the Christ baby he yo you
get it he's in there Sab kathon yeah you got it okay perfect entry to
tonight's talk thank you Neil um I'm gonna pull you off and if you want to
come back later feel free everybody um take a look at Neil's interview with
Danny Jones love it love it okay let's hit the hell Satan brother brother hit
the hit the uh um slides for me let's go people we want to dive in deep tonight
and I want to start here oh God I want to start it does that mean do they have to do something every time I say that
are you ready
Oho oh God what was that you just said oh
anox oh Lord of pytho you who rule who strike from afar
you rantic it's in a what are we doing oh
God we're addressing God right okay I wanted to
bring you that because that's the introduction that we've got what is this from this is the oric
argonautica okay the orphic argonautica and people will debate the dates the
fact is we don't know and linguistically um some people will argue this thing has
to be later it has to be in the anod Dominy range some people say look it's
orphic and it's probably fifth fourth Century BC right so okay um U the does
it matter where it falls I'm sure it does evidence-wise it matters where it
falls um but what we're going to do is we're going to glean tonight we're going to glean from the vocabulary and I'm
going to show you some things that you never um you didn't think you didn't think I want you to
look at that third word in the middle there medon that's where we're going to
get the Medusa um this is addressing Apollo the pathian
Lord um the pathian wox this is late put your mind what's a wox a wox is a Bronze
Age um chief Bronze Age Chief this is at a time when
you have Chiefs and you have poia you have
Queens Chiefs and queens yeah okay and Apollo is one of them and he's the one
who shoots from afar the Mantic one the one who works on
this go Che we hit the next one watch this people um what is the med on oh God
a guardian a ruler you thought Medusa was Guardian thank these are priests
right a guardian ruler right always of Zeus um okay fantastic ruling from Ida
he's that one who establishes the rulership right oh they use it of Apollo
if you just keep going down look who who they're going to be using it for and then you get to number two and you get
oh the feminine form Medusa that is just a participle people of the verb
Meadow right this is a Greek thing I'm going to take you back by the way people have been asking the surprise tonight is
the is the what do they call them the
Ani okay oh goodness we get to see what they actually were were they UFO people
and aliens I'm sorry sorry I'm sorry I know
people are disappointed they wanted me to talk about them as aliens no there's
of course there's a much more you know realistic scientific and anthropological
explanation for them and we just look at the text the text tell us the text tell us who they are who were they're a real
historical people and we get to meet them tonight that was a little bit of a surprise thank you satanic congregation
for um hanging in there purple purple purple let's go hit us with the next one
um hit us with the next one boom yep and I wanted you to see what is that Medusa
oh go back I'm sorry go back to the Medusa buff Boop right there thank you chewy um look at the for the Medusa
that's the guardian goddess and many of you are going to see the name Aphrodite right after it you're going to
be confused because the little bit that you know of Greek history you're getting through mythology
that's where it's just being transmitted and mythology's turned into entertainment just like the stage has
turned into entertainment you little consuming don't say
that everything is profane but it had a sacred intent the
theater today movie cinema that's profane it is entertainment it
Antiquity they're doing it to purify and they're not doing it for
cash by the way we are still not monetized we are still not taking any
rewards for what I'm showing you because the devil hates that fantastic um you
know what let them have it I love it I love the fact that we have a an audience
that you know we don't have to watch commercials do you want me to advertise some of you no I don't want to do that
either because you know what I've watched the back alleys I know I know
what they do in them when they're trying to get
things it's a shameful okay let's not do it let's not
do it you're not going to see any oh paid me $20 and you can say what you want right oh
yeah it's disgusting this is the Temple of the Muse baby let's hit it let's hit
that one what about these goddesses look Aphrodite is your Medusa what Aphrodite
is your Medusa you thought you knew Aphrodite you do not you do not know the mother of the Roman people you do not
look at her who's after Aphrodite nasin and who is that that means memory in
Greek and everybody knows who's the mother of memory Danny Jones was asking
me what is a God and I said these are Powers think of Aeros think of nimos
memory do you know who memory is she's gorgeous she's the mother of the
muses oh oh and it doesn't even penetrate it
bounces off your uninitiated head and it doesn't
penetrate that's why we need the Christos tonight is about the Christos
and she or he and who's in charge love it hit me
with the next H me with the next text this is wonderful wait go back to the Medusa I just want to see um uh of
memory and as you follow down you're going to see The Immortal one aana right
Athena is there right and who else emus Artemis is there they are all what
you're seeing is the band of women who are those Queens from the Bronze Age
Artemus do you know what Artemis does she hunts she kills her bands of
followers will kill you yeah she's known to strike from afar
she became a symbol of the huntress who takes your life if you're a woman isn't
that neat who is that for the force that takes your life if you're a woman she's called lucifera she's
given that title of lightbringer right lucifera you mean the
devil was female before he was male yep do you have a problem with that it's
what they call in Greek def too natured love it oh God absolutely love
it all right let's go those were Bronze Age goddesses we just got into there
with the Medusa let's keep going um this is just I wanted to show you the verb
right um to protect to rule over and then you can trace the history of it that's fantastic go to the next one um
for people in uh in history who think you know hey um women did not rule um
the name there is that they did the name tells you otherwise to the unreality of
what the historians give you because historians suck and do not work
with primary sources we had a an ancient historian who came um into the classics
department and he was awful and everybody knew it right everybody knew his philologic his translation capacity
was garbage it was about where a f an entry-level graduate students should be
why is that I don't hold it against him but because he was a historic he wasn't
a classical philologist he was a historian but here's the problem if you can't read those sources you don't know
what the hell's going on you don't all your ideas you guys know I don't give you ideas I give you sources let's go
back to the source this is too pretty to lose tonight in my
pontification deos oyos here's that oyas that Dan mlen doesn't like look at the
end of the first line oysters Dan no now watch Dan I know this is up there and I
know you can identify it's Greek I'm talking to Dan mlen right I know you can identify this
is Greek but I know you cannot read [Laughter] it I know you can't I know you can't and
it shows the extent of where the Bible education is able to take you it's not
very a a not able to take you very far here we're going to go a little bit deeper what is this this is orphic
argonautica man and this is orus look what I've brought you tonight shame on
you satanic congregation shame on you this one's for you tonight for not knowing that I would
bring you the best just a little bit I took some too
here here's one for me oh two I gave it two I had to okay let's go to the next
one um that one yeah so what happens this is orus talking to you and what
does he say what does he say Now's the Time when the estris the
Mania it's burning it's burning it's flying through
the air it's burning my brain what is it doing it's separating me
from my bodily frame and shooting me up on wings to
uranos you you can learn from my
voice all the things that are hidden sorry a little dramatic but that
was my translation of orus um and he's telling he's telling
his his audience there he's saying look um this is what's going on and this is
the state of oyas give me the next slide because I think we have the oysters was
I smart enough oh I just wanted to see what do what is the oysters do it
wanders in the air it wanders huh air wandering
fantastic watch this what is oysters because some of you have come in new I know La satanic congregation you know
what the oyst is right we all knew and Dan said he was like this is something right and everybody in here
was like yeah oh God you're gonna get it right oyas here's our
gadfly here's our gadfly it's something that stings and you'll see it
metaphorically right something that will drive you mad that's how this word is
used to drive a person mad that's what oyster does that's what the prophet must
have that's what the prophet must have in order to teach you that's why go to the very bottom what does it say what
does it say um any vehement desire in the frenzy in the madness look at the
last two lines of that uh paragraph in section two Roman numer number two
Madness and frzy look where it's being used it's being used of the mean ads
it's being used of the mean ads oh okay so take it
down it's an idea floating in the mind
of the speakers of Greek which by the first century on o Domin when Jesus is
around is everybody is everybody okay um especially in the East
you know they're still holding out with the Latin right um haven't swamped Greece hasn't swamped they're still
fighting you know stuff hasn't switched over where it's just government stuff right it's not you know they're still
they're still working but in the East the creek is everywhere it's just just too bad the Eastern Mediterranean people
think it's the boundaries of the Mediterranean where the action is no no no it's the sea it's the Mediterranean
Sea that thosa that's the source of everything right that Greek is spreading
through the islands oh God oh it's gorgeous let's keep going back
to the text okay I'm going to give people this thing thank you look what's happening people what do I what does
orus say he has for you he says he hasm those are
oracles oracles oracles that are what arus
unspeakable right night wait a minute what they oracles about the wano bacas
right and they're the Oracles of night and you say whatat does that mean
remember what the number added up to it added up the Cil Cilan number it added
up to pseudo Nix um Gnostic andant was was you know
ecstatic over that one loved it right why are they talking about Nicks because
Black Knight is our urani
deity Medusa oh isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous think of that aphrodite think of that
aphrodite isn't that nice right
memory give me to know Aphrodite oh God love this love this
stuff right now you're in the mystery and why do I say AF brother come
here you don't see that this is all going to
afrodite the people in the Arabian Peninsula did they told us oh my God
what are oh where are we going we're going to Aphrodite because that's who we worship bakus and Aphrodite dionisis and
Aphrodite that's the foundation of civilization the bakic Empire is is what
brought civilization and it did so through the oracles isn't that gorgeous we're in
third time two years of Apollo one year of bacus and in that one year that's the
third year of purging oh oh three and a half and three and a
half love it it's gorgeous let's do the next one sneak this one in look people
this has got some some heavy gun stuff in it okay bring in the Nephilim we're
the Nephilim come here Nephilim you I don't care I don't care how big you think you
are come here right on the booty why
what am I gonna sing about if I am Orpheus this is what it's saying right orus says I'm gonna sing of you of The
Offspring of Primo right those who did these terrible Works who were born from
Earth what did they do are you ready what did they do they Dro down their seamen from
uranos on you oh God they Dro down their
Sean that's what it says it's not just any kind of seamen either it's
lugon what is lugon that's like ill faded it's like
dark what's it mourning it makes me want to mourn wait a minute what did we get
to the party and we're finally here and the stuff is finally kicking in no right
it's it's about to though and the way it's going to kick in is I'm going to introduce you to the Nephilim these
gayet on these earthborn ones who are sending down the seam
andu right and they were an earlier
generation they were an earlier set of people let's go see what they did so this is exciting this is like the Bronze
Age telling us look there are these older people right who are they well in
order to find them to find out who they are nephine right everybody on the there's there's hundreds of thousands if
not millions of views on garbage about the Nephilim garbage Anan
garbage garbage you want to see I'm going to show you right now now with the
text exactly how garbage it is and I'm going to pull some Hebrew in ready are
you ready give me give it to that's just for Dan and Kip right okay I want you to
see these are the earthborne right these are the children of Gia or the Giants the
Giants go go go who are the Giants gigos is a Greek word gigas is a Greek word
who are we summoning oh who is this it's the Book of Enoch probably first century BC oh who
is it I don't know who cares right the fact is this document this helenistic
document it reads as if it was a contemporary with the
ready now this is the Book of Enoch and people say why is that not in Hebrew because it's not it never existed in
Hebrew here's what it existed in here's the Gea fragment that we have of it probably from some library that the
Christians burned down who knows and kabon Alo oh they got they okay so they
took they took the they took wives they took you know each person each of these
people that we're going to talk about you know um what did they do they took wives whoever they they wanted to and
they um they entered into these unions with their wives and what did they do
they soiled themselves wait what they soiled
themselves they died they stained themselves
okay sounds like something funny is going on but let's see let's see they died themselves and what else and they
taught they taught their wives how to do what how to do what how to make
drugs how to collect Roots how to identify specific
plants and they stained themselves who are we talking
about we're talking about a group of people with a technical knowledge that's
obviously superior to the groups of people that they're infiltrating or that they're immigrating to be among and this
is not uncommon you get it in Italy too right media steps off the boat in Italy
and somebody's notices somebody's getting bitten by certain type of snake and she has a remedy and cures the guy
and they're like huh holy crap we'll build you a temple right because they've been
plagued by that snake for years and you know what they they didn't develop it they probably they were you know
speaking Martian or you know not from Mars but osin or umry who knows one of
the maybe the Latin a bunch of hot dwellers you know what I mean just
backwards so when you come in with that new technology are you an alien now for everybody who wants to think that's an
alien um have at it you know enjoy enjoy um
somebody from from space yeah no that's not what the evidence points to the evidence points to here are groups of
people who are technologically advanced and as a matter of fact that's exactly what it says they become famous through
their Tech and what is their Tech Enoch tells us their Tech their Tech is
drugs ananan are not aliens they're drug
Runners oh God they're people with a superior knowledge dude all go to the
next text let's see these guys where do they show up you know and it's because the it's through the notice it's through
the ladies through the ladies I'm going to show you some things that are you think is this a man's
art you'd think what kind of art is this and why is the text differentiating watch Watch
What Happens it'll show us it'll Arc to the original Christ it's gorgeous because what we're doing is we're
tracing the knowledge the pharmaceutical knowledge just follow the pharmaceutical knowledge and see where it ends up
that's all we're doing um wonderful isn't that gorgeous Cersei pull up the Bible pull up the Bible now that's what
we need look at verse number four this is from Genesis chapter 6 Hoy the gigant
do you hear the word giant ho gigant there were giants there in the earth in
those days right and after that when the sons of God came into the daughters of
of men and they knew them in a very very intimate lovey stinky
way and what happens they were giants right they're giving birth to
these Generations that are bathed in the tech that they have got they're burning
off mortality and do you know what happens you change stature
itself these are hormone analoges right and what are they doing what are the Giants doing how does
it describe them on the last line they're op ionos op
ionos wait what okay they're from the ion hang on to that thought and then the
very last thing he says is these are people who were very
famous very famous known for that knowledge they were big people yeah
these people people were important gigas they're all wait a minute they're the gigas they're from that stage of the
Medusa do you understand they're using the very same
serpents uhuh it's Tech and they're spreading the cult Tech give me the next
one give me the next one are they from outer space what why do people always
jump right people be scientific give me you got it um let's look at the
translation of this in those days and for some time after giant nephilites
what that text didn't say nephilites it's because everybody has bought the
lie that the Hebrew text comes before the
septuagenarian right that's when that thing shows up that's not real that's a creation what does the old text say it
says what I just showed you in Greek about Giants so the use of the word nephilites is only coming through a
rinic tradition right and because Christianity
needs that rinic tradition to prop itself up on it can't contradict that so
it's a very very sticky problem for theologians for Bible students
for Christians who just are practicing their Christianity people who are born again and have seen the forgiving blood
of Jesus Christ it's for those people oh love this um whenever the sons of God
had intercourse seriously that's not very elegant um there are heroes it doesn't say that but famous Warriors
they're little bit elaborating there it doesn't say anything about being Warriors um but okay fantastic let's
let's go to the next one um now you know why translation sucks so bad right um
watch this people what is the Nephilim look how they Define it now right so now
this lying translation based upon a lying tradition is telling you that this is
coming from this word and how do they define this word with the Greek word
giant do you know what neph name is it's a madeup term that was a forced term in
order to translate the word giant it doesn't exist it is a
fabrication what is the Nephilim what are the Nephilim nothing there are
nothing in history yeah hisory that's the inquiry right when you
know yourself did you know your religion was a fabrication
right welcome to the school of monism that's what they do they did it in Egypt
too and they end up getting aan and with this terrible art with these big pregnant bellies on you know people I
don't know wasn't with pregnant women it was on pregnant men they look pregnant
anyway it's the style you gota en you gota anyway everybody's like Bo and they got rid of it right so okay
give me the text give me watch what what what look what now what is the root nafo
what does it mean to fall to fall so they're like huh how can we represent because we don't actually
know right we know that these are famous people right what do we have to do we
have to turn them into something they're not what you making those Fallen call them the Fallen right no no no what are
you doing in the thir Century with your Torah what are you doing you're creating
something to justify your past you're mimicking what the Greeks
are doing with their texts you're doing the same thing that's why you call Adam
Adam because it's a well-known name within the right right it's all about
that right that mystery is everything that's the predominant religious engine
when the Torah or the septu the P whatever you want to call penit and the
prophets whatever you want to call them that's when that's being written the mystery is everything this is is is a
testerian that Moses builds oh
God oh God you mean Moses builds a Greek invention for telling the future by
hearing the voice of God yes ah isn't that great love it man hell
Satan it's Satan power saturnian power baby
now listen you won't understand it if you're sitting there and you haven't been killed and revived if you haven't
been killed and revived and I'm not talking about um just still any killing and Reviving I'm talking about the one
that puts your brain in a state where you're able to correctly identify the
images that you're interacting with what yeah no it's a mystery thing right um if
you're trained we can train you to do this okay let's let's get to it right if
you if you're not woken up then you know and let's let's admit none of us are
none of you are you know what's funny all the hippies and the people talking about psycho death or ego death and all
that bull cery um yeah do you realize
that you don't even know what you're doing there's a way to do this in a poly pharmaceutical um approach that involves
your death and your entry into a specific state that will allow you to bring back from the other side real
quanta real information packets yeah congratulations you know
getting stoned on something and wandering around in a Cabbage Patch is gonna do absolutely nothing and the
Greeks who invented this the woman who started this christing she would tell
you first St what are you what are you what are you doing right you don't know what you're
doing it's what Bona says you don't know what you're doing it's the Awakening that you need
that's what the Renaissance always brings and that's what these tags will bring are you ready oh let's see that
for a minute who's that oh that's I don't know what's going on that's fantastic though bring that it's
staining my brain let's go we got to we got to finish these here's your word for giant people here's where it's
originally from let's get the next one the tribe of giants it talks about that's beautiful I want to give you what
um what is this the strong or the Mighty Is that how there is that how we're starting to get this okay give me the
next one I don't even know what the point of that was um it's like taking a third graders um copy of something I
today people I just want to tell you today um I had a lot of downtime because
of Internet issues and by the way people I don't need a better camera thanks for recommending that all the time I really
appreciate it's my internet I get egga gigabytes per second right eight said
eight right megabytes sorry sorry wrong realm chewy corrected me me you know I'm
even I'm way smaller way smaller did I say gigabytes because the Giants that I
was okay here's the eye on the eternity look it's opposite to Kronos time
time it is not eternity it is that which is opposite to
time okay are you ready well I'm going to take you to the ion and we're doing this for a good reason boom hit hit me
with the next one um ion think of the soul and ion as
being um both parts two parts of one Duality that is
existence okay if you take the those two concepts and say oh they got married and
that's us go to the next one um here's your Ion
right and the Christians will say oh God this is eternal no I want you to see I want you to see the the um look at the
first line under a and it talks about Poseidon return by Ain and then at the end it says in parenthesis properly and
then it gives you the Dima in the middle of the word I won
so again this is a Bronze Age concept this is so far before Christian
Christianity and Judaism that it's it's a it's an unfamiliar saturnian or
satanic world yeah and who is the ion he's the dude when you go into a Jewish
synagogue in the second century or first century and you walk in and you see him
on the wall with Greek surrounding him and a zodiac you'll know where your
Jewish roots are and I'm sure there's a lot of people who are suddenly like oh
that kind of Mak sense I kind of want I've always been looking at that zodiac thing yeah congratulations welcome home
welcome home your God is called ion fantastic oh God oh God it's orphic
people right it's oric fantastic um go to the next one okay now here's what I'm
going to give you and this one is for uh Dan mlen because this is pendor and I
know for a fact because pendor people is really really difficult pendar you know
some there are some class somewhere I'm sure who like nah no I can do pendar no problem pendar is no problem but most
classes if they're honest with themselves know that pendar is of is of the more difficult persuasion he uses a
lot of Dorian and it just you know it's just I don't know Dorian is just it's just eruptive I think the Athenians were
right um they had breed that apex of the language they were able to draw where
you can draw out of The Ether and I don't think the Dorian was doing them any favors or pushing them up you know
what I mean it what just the ionians you could ask the
ionians too they would been like yep historian that's why the Spartans are the way they are
Bro Look I studied with a guy from the area where Spa is and no offense to
any modern lonians but uh uh lonians I
don't you know I love you baby but um you just didn't your ancestors kind of
dropped the ball and the Athenians were like you suck right so yay Athens anyway
um this is pendar and pendar writes um in his fourth pithan ode here pyth there
right python right okay in his fourth pthan he
writes about the great Prophecy of the medwa of media and in it he says what
does he say he says Hera listen to this what happened here I'm just going to translate this for you Hera right caused
a very sweet desire to enter in to those
young men who were half God yeah and these are heroes these are
heroes and what are he or at least they're going out to try to show they're Heroes right you know it's a it's a
thing you do it's a thing you do you go out and you do you do great things right and it test you how old are you kid get
out there do something great you bonehead right that's the way of life and what's happening what's happening oh
God she didn't want these are all the people on the ship the Argo right and she didn't want anybody this is what
she's putting in their mind it's a fear and I'm going to put in your mind the fear that you're going to stay home with
Mama that you're gonna stay home with Mama and do nothing right in a world that doesn't
give you any danger you're just gonna end up dragging out the
ion EP you know what else you're going to
be and you're not even going to be able find that best of
drugs the one that helps you when you are in
death yeah and you won't bring out your virtue you're not going to that's what they're afraid of hara is making them
afraid they won't be able to live up to that mystery to be able to find that
pharmacon you see that last word on the bottom uh left hand side last last line
F makon that's what they're looking for right you want to have that where do
they where do all these Knuckleheads end up they end up with media and what is
she doing she's providing with the pharmacon she takes it where does she
take it out of I've told you time after time she takes it from her
vagina this is the first communion and I'll show you in the
Greek how it is the first communion it is from
her life fluid that all of us talk about
salvation yeah some of you talk about it through the Avenue of a dude who got
arrested in a public park with a naked kid screaming I am not a child
trafficker that's how some of you got it yeah fantastic salvation the gospel
right baby she's the origin of the the good news you know what the good news is it's a prescription it's the power of a
prescription to bring you health you didn't even know that why do
you think he's the great physician bonehead right come on Christians get up
off the ground get up off the ground oh now you're own things you
don't even know your own Bible it's disgusting I'll tell you when I when I taught seminar I told him on the first
day of class first day of class you do not know the Bible you do not ever read
it you've never read it before and by the end of the third semester they were all telling me I understand what that
means now yeah exactly that's the power of
this language until you get there don't say that you know this stuff right bring
up Pender what else what else should she do so she put in the head she put in the head of these young Heroes who are going
off to do to they're GNA abduct they're gonna take a fleece with a song in it
that is part of the mystery it's the directions for the
communion it is the life right it's why it has a dragon posted there to guard it
the dragon just like the Medusa is a position right Within Bronze Age
Society right it's not a dragon it's not where is tolken where is tolken if toi
was here I would what would I do I would make unic for the Kingdom of Heaven that's what I
would do um here's what we go um they don't want to be left behind right and
some D undang they want to find that drug give me the next one give me the next
one look at this this is John 3:16 what is it that Jesus is offering
remember in Mark he offers you drugs that induce death right and snakes and
vulnerability to snakes awesome um which goes along with the formula I that's the
whole deal that's what boy is doing right the boy is providing an immunity
basically for the poison that is the Thon okay um John 316 here he is right
oh God God so loved the world the ca Cosmos the cosmos is the
present the present functioning or it's the lines it's it's difficult to
describe Cosmos is that which beautifies most essentially and when I say beautify
I mean um to make healthy you know what a woman's Cosmos is literally an
Antiquity it's the the um chest that she possesses that contains all of her drugs
CA Medics and anything for personal hygiene yeah it's her
salvation right those elements are her salvation and what does it do it brings her it brings her to a place of health
and now if nobody's figured out the sacred name of Aphrodite the name of
Rome then something is wrong I am not doing something
right but I'm confident I'm confident you will come to the place of Health
and salvation I'm confident um fantastic that's where we are give me the next
Source quick before it wears off um no he he loved the world so much he he did what he did he gave his son he gave his
only born son in order that everyone who believes in him right may not perish but
have zoan ionian and that's why we brought in the ion right because that's what we're
looking for give me the next one and I just want to make sure that you understand this ion right is defined
here in Greek now they're going to give you period of existence this is what the Greek says the Greek definition Telos
it's the completion that bounds the time
of each person's life that's called the ion it's the completion and that's why a
toite is somebody who has been initiated in the mystery because they have been
able to see the completion of their life when you enter into
death you become one who is now outside of time in
ion don't ask me with the physics are I don't understand it but this is what they're doing and if you haven't been
there you don't have ionic life ciceros walking around very happy oh God I'm so
glad I went to the Mysteries I wasn't alive before I went I didn't see the
world why was he able to do that because they resurrected the queen of the
underworld right how do you think you're going to see the completion of your life without seeing
her oh you say I'm a misogynist I don't have female divinities guess what guess
what that's why you got to love the devil man cuz this is his place and
you're here being tortured for a reason isn't that gorgeous you know uh um
somebody once told me a union psych uh psychoanalyst Slash therapist um slash
all around good person told me oh my you're so handsome thank you I know
there's a told me this yian told me he said um look the one thing that they
used to crack Nazis after World War II was Mother if you make him he said you
can open up a Nazi with any kind of psychology and they have defenses they will not resist until you approach him
with the mother and for some reason the mother breaks him down isn't that gorgeous you know what the of fascism
is a mother I guess it's because a because a mother wouldn't you know a mother
wouldn't do what a what a fascist would do I guess yeah it's I don't know it's
some kind of people I'm telling you I'm just a person of average intelligence I don't get the physics of all this stuff
but there's something there about the mother that breaks down that Nazi tendency yeah that gets inside you can
really Pierce somebody's conscience through a mother love that what would your mother say you
jerk right I guess that's the idea right
right I wonder if H could you smack Hitler in the face and say what do you think all the mothers of the world think
about you your stupid mustache right something like that I don't know I'm
sure the yans didn't do that you know y had a chance to declare Hitler insane
and he didn't do it can you imagine how that would have changed history oh it's too bad you didn't have
the nads let's go little goofy I'm glad he gets come here Y come
here oh you're so disgusting with your little wimpy
response you let them Nazis take us over stupid young here we go state of
completion or maturity right that's another that's a secondary definition I just wanted to bring that in have you
been to the ion it's because you haven't been born again brother um and what's Happening Here I want to give you this
look the Christ the original Christ of course is Media right the original
Christ and what is pendar doing saying look um in the 17th
generation the from Thea as media gave her prophecy it's going to be fulfilled
right and this is the or it was fi excuse me and who is Media she is that
daughter that zines daughter of EES who is himself a child of
God the sons of God and came into the daughters of men do you know who she
is she is the child she is the giant the sons of God
came and the daughters of men who did they give birth to well first they Tau them all about drugs and then they gave birth to
Giants oh oh media media is a giant right from
the earth oh God the first Christ isn't this gorgeous what is she going to do she's
gonna make it so that you can be born again so that you can be awake you can
thank her later you can thank her later all of Christianity all of
Judaism goes back to this woman this is pendar thank you pendar and what does
pendar say she's zines she's that child of etes um and what is her mouth her mouth
is divine that's what it says there from her mouth Divine she breathes out she is
the death po she is that queen that Bronze Age
Queen who has total power right makes us afraid you know the
dragon they say is only afraid of one and that's media isn't that gorgeous dragon's only
afraid of her right now what did Jason do Jason was like I'm a rich Greek guy
and I had a pederastic relationship with KRON and I know all the Arts magic and
by the way he uses the sax on some Islanders to get him to have sex with him and all his guys he's a pervert just
like Jesus but anyway and he deserved what he got yeah he deserved it definitely
coward he was a coward too um historical History's Greatest coward
okay go to the next one um what are we doing here this is zinas what is media
she's raging notice the Raging word of violence what's a what's a zines
logos it's a word of violence I have a word of Prophecy oh yeah I got a word of violence for you
are you ready this is who she is zines she
rages she rages now you know why odys was afraid her sister was GNA cut off
his testicles right well sometimes she's called her sister sometimes it's her
aunt right whatever right yeah love it fantastic let's go to the
next one oh where are we we're we're with her and what happens boom um oh I
wanted you to see um so what we're with the media right and we're in that christing
experience so that we can ex we can um see the ion so that our eyes are opened
and we can have that ion and what is that ion remember this is the thing in the Jewish synagogue this is what they
worship right this is what Jewish people worship before they worship
Yahoo right Yahoo is derived from ion and what is the ion this is an ancient
Greek this is from hus a definition of what it is it's the beos ton anthrop
it's the life of humanity it's the life of humanity um the hypocrit he says took
this and he quotes them the hippocratics took this and turned it into um what is
existing within your spinal column it's that which gives you
life it's that which innervates you the NAA or where we get our word nerve is
what they thought was that life capacity that can be channeled through the body
right this is that oh God this is that most powerful and they say that you can't live without this right so wait a
minute you said I thought ion just means Eternal do you see how stupid Bible
scholars are do you see how stupid they are let's go back to the next one chewy
I can't I can't deal with any stupid Bible scholars anymore it's they're laughable they're laughably bad yeah
okay so back to the Bible yeah um this is I wanted you to see how bad this
translation was it's just verse three of uh Hosea Hosea 13 I think it is 133 I'm
pretty sure 133 and um he says on account of this um they will be what
they will be as clouds as clouds yeah and as what as
dros
or right what is that um that's the stuff that is the kind of the dros is
really um it's related to the word hros it's coming from the same roote that hros is and hros is what comes out of
your Lover's armpits when you're when you're um actively engaged in
coidus um sweat AKA sweat and the sweat that is on those plants in the morning
that kind of evaporates in the air you know we call that do the glistening
do um people produce glistening D too they do um fantastic so um that's how
they're looking at it right look at that's how they're looking at it don't look at it like some Modern that's the problem with scholarship it's all from
Modern brains John Scarboro told me that first day of graduate school he said shut up and listen to me number one you
only pay attention to the sources he said put down every secondary book
you've got any anybody writing about it from the modern world put it down it's useless yeah I love it I love it that
was good instruction I owe him for that go to the go to the next one um yeah
yeah that one um and what happens um he says look so the translation says look
um these people they're going to be like these clouds you know they evaporate they're going to be like this drus this
do that evaporates right and they're going to be like Theus that's the dust
that you sweep off of the um circular threshing floor yeah yeah and they're like that
they're vapid they're just FL flowing away and then finally he says hos atmus these people are going to be like the
fog or the fumigation APO dakon now dakron literally means
tears tears okay you ready um but I know
that those tears are um medical little
lozenges pills right they talk about the tears of opium for example the stuff that drips off the Opium capsule when
you scarify it or scarify it excuse me when you when you make a cut in it and it bleeds out this milky white solution
that has all of the goody good num nom in it and that little thing is called a
tear anyway you can make make tears as drugs and he says here um the fumigation
from the drugs that's what you're going to be like right you're just gonna be off you go and smoke right that's all
off you go now how did the Hebrew translate this right because remember this is not Greek translating Hebrew if
it was I'm going to have to see the word tears in Hebrew but you don't read this
translation of um and this translation is using the Hebrew just like the King
James therefore they will be like the Morning Mist okay that's okay like the early duw that disappears nice like the
chaff swirling from a threshing floor so far so good Hebrew nice job like smoke
escaping through a window what there's no window there and
it's really not smoke it's really a vapor from a fumigation oh God these people are
terrible what's the Hebrew actually say look at the word that the Hebrew uses yeah asan smoke straight up of course
very simple smoke okay you can see how we're downgrading to the third grade we're not talking about the Mist
produced by specific drugs but we're talking about the you know smoke I mean
that could be you know what you the stuff coming out from between your ears
right what's the next one and what what do they do with the that by the way is how they represent atmus right now no
see it says Mist Vapor steam right okay go down go down what's the next one
what's the Hebrew git um no up one what's the Hebrew G for the ne Oh no you're right go down um what's the next
word the D on the tears right I want you to see what these tears are literally
it's tears but look number two that which drops like tears that's what I was talking you gum or sap right or the
drugs that they using right this when they say sap and
what are they talking about medicinals in The Collection they talk about gay and talks about the tears all the time
love it tears of the poppy baby give me tears of the poppy doesn't sound nice um
let's go to the next one um that which drops like tears gum or sap there it is
what's the first example they give us for that a cones do you know what a cones is Nea will get all excited
because contes is um that Acacia that he's always talking about yeah there you
go you apparently you can get some kind of tears from it what what are these tears being translated to in Hebrew I am
not kidding here people this is Aruba and I'm not talking about Jamaica
or you know any of the nice places to visit I'm not talking about St John or any of that kind of you know stuff I'm
talking about Aruba the word for l or window or slle a ladis or a window how did you
people turn drugs into windows it's because if you were to talk to a third
grader and tell him read to him The Iliad he would write out a very very
dumb down version of that because his linguistic skill was a cap and that's
what we have when we're talking about 8,000 unique words in Hebrew we're talking about a app so when I say look
there's Tech here involved the Hebrew can't capture the tech the septu is not
a translation of any Hebrew there is no Hebrew that exists Hebrew is a lurgical
language with just a few words left okay was Jesus speaking Hebrew of
course he wasn't give me the next one we're almost done I'm sorry to take so long people
this is hus MN what does it mean that word word that root magic look it means to Goin it means to charm or transfix or
to Fascinate someone when someone tells me that's fascinating I know the magic
is working what is a fascinum it's a phus what do you do when you m
[Music] you you serve the gods and you hear the
word in English therapy we're stealing it from this what are you
when you serve the gods you perform therapy isn't that nice therapy love it
love it next one just a couple of words here for us to end off to get the sensation of where media is operating
because she's the original Maga right right she's the original Maga that every
witch hearkens back to that's media fantastic what is the mag
magana magana are Pharma oh they're go
they're things that are meant to charm you and what are those things they are pharmaka they are
drugs those Magi that came to Jesus looking for the star guess what let's
just take a look at them give me the next one give me the next one you know what go all the way down I want to go all the way down to that one here we go
we're going to finish up with this are you ready people what is this it's a Dream It's a dream that media's father
had and this is again from the oric argonautica it's a dream that he had and
what does it say what does it say it says the very girl that he was
nurturing that taking care of that he was growing that girl he saw a star
and what did that star do on the line before the break you'll see called poison in
HTO heat is that roote for desire lust
um that thing that drives you towards Eros right heos is always accompanying
Aphrodite that's what does that mean it means desire he made us desire do you
have that desire to cause that act ity to
perpetuate that's heos and what is heos what is desirable desirable it is her
cpos and you will say to me this will always be translated as fold of her garment or
lap possibly bosom possibly bosom it is
let's show them here we go it is what the one after it yep
look at this people bosom or lap thank you Victorian England very nice very nice look at number two uhoh it equals I
Doon gunon that is the vagina and then it gives soranus who is a terrible that's a
terrible name for a gynecologist but that's what he is Dr serinus um and he's a gynecologist and
um he uses the term cpos just straight up for vagina now watch this those of
you who had little who have had Greek right those of you who've had Greek
you'll notice that it's in the plural right you you say how can it be
talking about media's vagina where the star is how can it be talking about that
because look at the colloquial expression look at B the CPO
tasteas are the sinuses the sides of the what is in the
vagina right they considered it a plurality oh
wow okay well that kind of makes sense and that explains why our famous Roman
author guas valious flacas is telling us that media is taking the drug from her
vagina when she gives it to
Jason to make him Adamas invol vulnerable do you see e do you see the
one who created bakic worship that leads you to
Aphrodite it the first communion those of you are going to communion this weekend the first
communion was the pora that glistening Dew that
was the cup of Lady Babylon it was hers before Jesus is ever
causing those children to ingest his Seed Media is giving her seed for the
Salvation to your health to your health I wanted to say a couple of things
really quick before we head out tonight I wanted to say a couple of things I wanted to again thank everybody who was
involved in the trans scripts who is involved in pushing the Greek course
people who are getting places where people can access the book and all that kind of stuff like that I want to thank
people for doing that I want to thank The Graduate Dojo that went through the
um that's going through the process of getting into reading groups and all that
kind of thing I want to thank them for hanging in there during this time and um I'm just H I'm I'm very honored to be
able to be a part of um opening up that Universe for for us to show to give us
those sources to protect those sources and people are are learning the Greek on Wednesday night we'll have another am
andu and everybody should have read unit one and should have attempted to perform
the first five exercises which we will go through if you have done that you
will Ace the instruction excellent we'll go over vocabulary we'll do everything thank you
everybody for coming and that is so important that we are actually using the
tool because this will bring us Renaissance and they can't they can't
blind us they can't give us fake history they can't give us false interpretations
if we can access the primary sources it gets my goat that people don't give the
primary sources more um more honor yeah um thank you Penelope for coming tonight
uh say hi to everybody thank you for coming everybody in the 822 thank you for coming tonight I
appreciate it please reflect upon what is behind the cross please reflect on it
this purification we need to get to the bottom of it we need to see what these um you know what our actual past is you
know you know I was sitting with Chewy um and it just the reality U just started to set in imagine living in a
universe where everybody worshiped um a dude who was arrested in a public park
with a naked kid and what kind of universe would that generate it's like a strange question you know what do I do
what do I do with a foot washing what do I do with the touching of the children what do I do with the getting arrested
with a naked kid what do I do with it how am I going to reconcile who Jesus is
in the text and who I believe he is that's a difficulty it's a really
difficulty how am I going to come to grips with the fact that Moses is a creation of the third Century of a a
branch of a satanic cult that was uh perpetuating an oracular tradition yeah
how do I come to how do I come I don't know maybe it's too soon for the monis to find out that they are
all descendants of the devil thank you for coming tonight Hil
Satan in the wind lightning you near FR to Little Bits here Satan in the chorus
try some you one more knock knock them at the door GG Penny wise put the
twinkle in your eyes Jesus on the cross from harming little ones don't mess with
the kids media she will come which Queen of the Dragons media Mama Mia dreams
come through my dear she'll knock you on the rear put something in your beer hot
purple they eat fetus bleed out skin go deeper Jeepers to the creepers smoking
sensia ancient Greek we reader Venom from the te bloody Uzi Seer Grim to the
reaper lavender Meda IND theia hit you on the Beeper poison hit
you with a kiss dring Venom drip F gripping her lip like poison hit you
with a kiss dring drip F gripping her lip poison hit you with a kiss drom DP F
gripping her lip poison hit you with a kiss dring bom drip F gripping her lip